replication-manager/cloud/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Replication Manager
version: cloud
base-path: /replication-manager/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Core Concepts
        url: core-concepts/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Operations
        url: operations/index.html

  # - title: Troubleshooting
  #   name: troubleshooting
  #   books:

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Amet auctor ut aenean sociosqu nibh etiam tortor vestibulum ullamcorper
nostra, primis egestas aptent donec sagittis pharetra ipsum cubilia
risus, magnis mattis ridiculus porttitor quam erat mus semper malesuada,
nec nisi nascetur euismod placerat nunc venenatis laoreet parturient.
Metus himenaeos mus consequat pharetra sem nunc sed mattis lectus, elit
feugiat lorem nec tempus facilisis potenti hendrerit natoque, id nullam
finibus non congue arcu condimentum maecenas ut risus, lobortis mauris
fermentum quam magnis porta duis fusce.

Commit message:

Added Replication Manager landing page text for Srinivas

replication-manager/cloud/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Replication Manager
version: cloud
base-path: /replication-manager/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Core Concepts
        url: core-concepts/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Operations
        url: operations/index.html

  # - title: Troubleshooting
  #   name: troubleshooting
  #   books:

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Replication Manager is a service for copying, migrating, snapshotting,
and restoring data between environments within the enterprise data
cloud. It is a simple, easy-to-use, and feature-rich data movement
capability to move existing data and metadata to the cloud to fuel new
workloads.
