HDPDocuments/HDF3/HDF-3.5.0/installing-upgrading-hdf.md, before:

---
layout: hwx_foyer
breadcrumb-title: HDF
title: Installing & Upgrading HDF
icon: hdf
publications:
  - title: Planning Your HDF Deployment
    url: planning-your-deployment/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes your deployment scenarios, directs you to the correct
      documentation for that scenario, and outlines basic sizing
      information.

  - title: Installing an HDF Cluster
    url: installing-hdf/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides the steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure
      an HDF cluster.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on an Existing HDP Cluster
    url: installing-hdf-on-hdp/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure HDF
      services on an existing HDP cluster.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on a New HDP Cluster
    url: installing-hdf-and-hdp/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, HDP, and HDF services on the HDP
      cluster.

  - title: Apache Ambari Managed HDF Upgrade
    url: ambari-managed-hdf-upgrade/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to upgrade HDF service on an HDP cluster, and how to
      upgrade an HDF-only cluster.

---

Provides deployment planning, installation, and upgrade information for
HDF. You can select from installing an HDF cluster or installing HDF
services on a new or existing HDP cluster.

Commit message:

DOCS-6031: Add Download pub to HDF 3.5.0 website files

HDPDocuments/HDF3/HDF-3.5.0/installing-upgrading-hdf.md, after:

---
layout: hwx_foyer
breadcrumb-title: HDF
title: Installing & Upgrading HDF
icon: hdf
publications:
  - title: Downloading Your Software
    url: download/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to download HDF software artifacts from behind the
      Cloudera paywall.

  - title: Planning Your HDF Deployment
    url: planning-your-deployment/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes your deployment scenarios, directs you to the correct
      documentation for that scenario, and outlines basic sizing
      information.

  - title: Installing an HDF Cluster
    url: installing-hdf/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides the steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure
      an HDF cluster.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on an Existing HDP Cluster
    url: installing-hdf-on-hdp/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure HDF
      services on an existing HDP cluster.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on a New HDP Cluster
    url: installing-hdf-and-hdp/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, HDP, and HDF services on the HDP
      cluster.

  - title: Apache Ambari Managed HDF Upgrade
    url: ambari-managed-hdf-upgrade/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to upgrade HDF service on an HDP cluster, and how to
      upgrade an HDF-only cluster.

---

Provides deployment planning, installation, and upgrade information for
HDF. You can select from installing an HDF cluster or installing HDF
services on a new or existing HDP cluster.
