HDPDocuments/HDF3/HDF-3.5.0/installing-upgrading-hdf-ppc.md, before:

---
layout: hwx_foyer
breadcrumb-title: HDF
title: Installing & Upgrading HDF on Power PC Systems
icon: hdf
publications:
  - title: Planning Your HDF Deployment on IBM Power Systems
    url: planning-your-deployment-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes your deployment scenarios, directs you to the correct
      documentation for that scenario, and outlines basic sizing
      information. This information is specific to installing HDF on IBM
      Power Systems.

  - title: Installing an HDF Cluster on IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides the steps to install and configure an HDF cluster. This
      information is specific to installing HDF on IBM Power Systems.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on an Existing HDP Cluster using IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-on-hdp-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure HDF
      services on an existing HDP cluster. This information is specific
      to installing on IBM Power Systems.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on a New HDP Cluster using IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-and-hdp-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, HDP, and HDF services on the HDP
      cluster. This information is specific to installing HDF on IBM
      Power Systems.

  - title: Apache Ambari Managed HDF Upgrade for IBM Power Systems
    url: ambari-managed-hdf-upgrade-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to upgrade HDF service on an HDP cluster, and how to
      upgrade an HDF-only cluster. This information is specific to
      installing HDF on IBM Power Systems.

---

This section is specific to HDF deployments on IBM Power Systems.
Provides deployment planning, installation, and upgrade information for
HDF.You can select from installing an HDF cluster or installing HDF
services on a new or existing HDP cluster.

Commit message:

DOCS-6031: Add Download pub to HDF 3.5.0 website files

HDPDocuments/HDF3/HDF-3.5.0/installing-upgrading-hdf-ppc.md, after:

---
layout: hwx_foyer
breadcrumb-title: HDF
title: Installing & Upgrading HDF on Power PC Systems
icon: hdf
publications:
  - title: Downloading Your Software
    url: download/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to download HDF software artifacts from behind the
      Cloudera paywall.

  - title: Planning Your HDF Deployment on IBM Power Systems
    url: planning-your-deployment-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes your deployment scenarios, directs you to the correct
      documentation for that scenario, and outlines basic sizing
      information. This information is specific to installing HDF on IBM
      Power Systems.

  - title: Installing an HDF Cluster on IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides the steps to install and configure an HDF cluster. This
      information is specific to installing HDF on IBM Power Systems.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on an Existing HDP Cluster using IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-on-hdp-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, and to install and configure HDF
      services on an existing HDP cluster. This information is specific
      to installing on IBM Power Systems.

  - title: Installing HDF Services on a New HDP Cluster using IBM Power Systems
    url: installing-hdf-and-hdp-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides steps to install Ambari, HDP, and HDF services on the HDP
      cluster. This information is specific to installing HDF on IBM
      Power Systems.

  - title: Apache Ambari Managed HDF Upgrade for IBM Power Systems
    url: ambari-managed-hdf-upgrade-ppc/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to upgrade HDF service on an HDP cluster, and how to
      upgrade an HDF-only cluster. This information is specific to
      installing HDF on IBM Power Systems.

---

This section is specific to HDF deployments on IBM Power Systems.
Provides deployment planning, installation, and upgrade information for
HDF.You can select from installing an HDF cluster or installing HDF
services on a new or existing HDP cluster.
