runtime/7.0.3/concepts-data-access.md, before:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime Concepts & Use Cases
title: Data Access

# Concepts publications related to
# * Hive
# * Impala
# * Hue
# * Sqoop
# * Search

publications:
  - title: Apache Hive Overview
    url: hive-introduction/index.html
    description: >-
      Presents key features of Hive and Hive 3 architecture.

  - title: Apache Hive Performance Tuning
    url: hive-performance-tuning/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains low-latency analytical processing, caching,
      and tuning options.

  - title: Apache Impala Overview
    url: impala-overview/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides an overview and describes the key components of Apache
      Impala.

  - title: Hue Overview
    url: hue-introduction/index.html
    description: >-
      Introduces Hue, which is a query editor that can be used to submit
      and analyze SQL queries and design Oozie workflows.
---
Cloudera Data Platform Runtime data access concepts provide overview
information about Apache Impala, Apache Hive, Data Analytics Studio, and Hue. 
Using the familiar SQL interfaces of these components, you access your data.

Commit message:

Add navigation for Cloudera Search docs

runtime/7.0.3/concepts-data-access.md, after:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime Concepts & Use Cases
title: Data Access

# Concepts publications related to
# * Hive
# * Impala
# * Hue
# * Sqoop
# * Search

publications:
  - title: Apache Hive Overview
    url: hive-introduction/index.html
    description: >-
      Presents key features of Hive and Hive 3 architecture.

  - title: Apache Hive Performance Tuning
    url: hive-performance-tuning/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains low-latency analytical processing, caching,
      and tuning options.

  - title: Apache Impala Overview
    url: impala-overview/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides an overview and describes the key components of Apache
      Impala.

  - title: Hue Overview
    url: hue-introduction/index.html
    description: >-
      Introduces Hue, which is a query editor that can be used to submit
      and analyze SQL queries and design Oozie workflows.

  - title: Cloudera Search Overview
    url: search-overview/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides an overview of Cloudera Search, based on Apache Solr.
---
Cloudera Data Platform Runtime data access concepts provide overview
information about Apache Impala, Apache Hive, Data Analytics Studio, and Hue. 
Using the familiar SQL interfaces of these components, you access your data.
