runtime/7.0.3/howto-data-science.md, before:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Science

# How-to publications related to
# * Spark
# * Zeppelin

publications:
  - title: Configuring Apache Spark
    url: configuring-spark/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions for configuring Apache Spark in Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Developing Apache Spark Applications
    url: developing-spark-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions and examples for creating Apache Spark applications to run on
      Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Running Apache Spark Applications
    url: running-spark-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions and examples for running Apache Spark applications on
      Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Tuning Apache Spark
    url: tuning-spark/index.html
    description: >-
      Advice and recommendations for optimizing the performance of Apache Spark
      and Spark applications for Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Configuring Apache Zeppelin
    url: configuring-zeppelin/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions for configuring Apache Zeppelin in Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Using Apache Zepppelin
    url: using-zeppelin/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions and examples for using Apache Zeppelin in Cloudera Data
      Platform
---
Instructions and examples for Apache Spark and Apache Zeppelin in Cloudera Data
Platform.

Commit message:

Commenting out Zeppelin for 7.0.3 release, because CDP-DC does not support Zeppelin initially

runtime/7.0.3/howto-data-science.md, after:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Science

# How-to publications related to
# * Spark
# * Zeppelin

publications:
  - title: Configuring Apache Spark
    url: configuring-spark/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions for configuring Apache Spark in Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Developing Apache Spark Applications
    url: developing-spark-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions and examples for creating Apache Spark applications to run on
      Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Running Apache Spark Applications
    url: running-spark-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Instructions and examples for running Apache Spark applications on
      Cloudera Data Platform.

  - title: Tuning Apache Spark
    url: tuning-spark/index.html
    description: >-
      Advice and recommendations for optimizing the performance of Apache Spark
      and Spark applications for Cloudera Data Platform.

# Commenting out Zeppelin for 7.0.3 release, because CDP-DC does not support Zeppelin initially
#  - title: Configuring Apache Zeppelin
#    url: configuring-zeppelin/index.html
#    description: >-
#      Instructions for configuring Apache Zeppelin in Cloudera Data Platform.
#
#  - title: Using Apache Zepppelin
#    url: using-zeppelin/index.html
#    description: >-
#      Instructions and examples for using Apache Zeppelin in Cloudera Data
#      Platform
---
Instructions and examples for Apache Spark in Cloudera Data
Platform.
