management-console/cloud/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Management Console
version: cloud
base-path: /management-console/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Management Console Overview
        url: overview/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How to
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Getting Started
        url: getting-started/index.html

      - title: Credential for AWS
        url: credentials-aws/index.html

      - title: Credential for Azure
        url: credentials-azure/index.html

      - title: Environments
        url: environments/index.html

      - title: User Management
        url: user-management/index.html

      - title: Classic Clusters
        url: classic-clusters/index.html

      - title: CLI
        url: cli/index.html

      - title: SDK
        url: sdk/index.html

  - title: Troubleshooting
    name: troubleshooting
    books:
      - title: Troubleshooting
        url: troubleshooting/index.html

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Nulla imperdiet mauris ornare arcu hendrerit purus mi etiam fermentum,
vitae blandit bibendum luctus lectus sit consequat faucibus ac,
malesuada tempus pharetra per curabitur dignissim dictum venenatis
tellus, massa posuere integer condimentum egestas natoque mus finibus.
Faucibus lectus ligula interdum dolor class pulvinar enim vivamus,
mattis diam vehicula lacinia tristique mus at curae, etiam massa dui
lobortis risus natoque finibus nullam, consequat montes conubia
fringilla laoreet eleifend netus.

Commit message:

Add descriptions for Management Console and Data Hub

management-console/cloud/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Management Console
version: cloud
base-path: /management-console/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Management Console Overview
        url: overview/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How to
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Getting Started
        url: getting-started/index.html

      - title: Credential for AWS
        url: credentials-aws/index.html

      - title: Credential for Azure
        url: credentials-azure/index.html

      - title: Environments
        url: environments/index.html

      - title: User Management
        url: user-management/index.html

      - title: Classic Clusters
        url: classic-clusters/index.html

      - title: CLI
        url: cli/index.html

      - title: SDK
        url: sdk/index.html

  - title: Troubleshooting
    name: troubleshooting
    books:
      - title: Troubleshooting
        url: troubleshooting/index.html

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Management Console is a CDP service for administering CDP: managing environments, credentials, users, and services.
