cdpdc/7.0/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Overview & Installation
version: 7.0
base-path: /cdpdc/7.0/

# sections:
#   - title: Release Notes
#     # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
#     name: releasenotes
#     books:
#       - title: Release Notes
#         url: release-notes/index.html

---
Cloudera Data Platform - Data Center is a secure and governed on-premise
platform that offers a broad set of enterprise data cloud services with
the key data analytics and artificial intelligence functionality that
enterprises require.

Addressing real-world business problems generally requires the
application of multiple analytic functions working together on the same
data; For example, autonomous vehicles require the application of both
real-time data streaming and machine learning algorithms. CDP Data Center addresses
this by offering multi-function data management and analytics that allow
solving an enterprise’s most pressing data and analytic challenges in a
streamlined fashion.

Commit message:

update text on foyer page and add links

cdpdc/7.0/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Overview & Installation
version: 7.0
base-path: /cdpdc/7.0/

# sections:
#   - title: Release Notes
#     # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
#     name: releasenotes
#     books:
#       - title: Release Notes
#         url: release-notes/index.html

---
Cloudera Data Platform (CDP) Data Center is the on-premises version of Cloudera Data Platform. This new product combines the best of Cloudera Enterprise Data Hub and Hortonworks Enterprise Plus along with new features and enhancements across the stack . This unified distribution is a scalable and customizable platform where you can securely run many types of workloads.

For more information, see the following topics:

 
* [Overview of CDP Data Center](/cdpdc/{{ page.version }}/overview/topics/cdpdc-overview.html)
* [Cloudera Manager Documentation](/cloudera-manager/7.0.3/index.html)
* [Cloudera Manager Release Notes](/cloudera-manager/7.0.3/release-notes/topics/cm-release-notes.html)
* [Cloudera Runtime Documentation](/rumtime/7.0.3/index.html)
* [Cloudera Runtime Release Notes](/runtime/7.0.3/release-notes/topics/cr-release-notes-overview.html)
* [Cloudera Runtime Component Documentation Quick Links](/cdpdc/{{ page.version }}/overview/topics/cm-component-links.html
