runtime/7.1.0/howto-operational-database.md, before:

---
layout: foyer-grouped
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Operational Database

# How-to publications related to
# * HBase

publications:
- column:
  - title: Getting Started with Apache HBase
    url: hbase-getting-started/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about the operational database cluster shape,
      and instructions to create an operational database. Provides
      instructions to start, stop your HBase cluster.

  - title: Configuring Apache HBase
    url: configuring-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information to configure HBase to use it as your
      operational data store.

  - title: Using Amazon S3 with Apache HBase
    url: hbase-s3/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about how to use use Amazon S3 as a storage
      layer for HBase.

  - title: Managing Apache HBase Security
    url: hbase-security/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about HBase security, authentication,
      authorization, and configuring TLS/SSL for HBase.

- column:

  - title: Accessing Apache HBase
    url: accessing-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about different ways to access HBase.

  - title: Managing Apache HBase
    url: managing-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about how to import data into,
      write data to, and read data from HBase.

  - title: Configuring Apache HBase High Availability
    url: hbase-high-availability/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about configuring HBase high availability for
      applications require low-latency queries.

  - title: Using Apache HBase Backup and Disaster Recovery
    url: hbase-backup-dr/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about configuring HBase snapshots, and using
      HBase replication.
---
Apache HBase is a NoSQL database that provides real-time read/write
access to large datasets.

Commit message:

Phoenix: Add Phoenix data access publication

runtime/7.1.0/howto-operational-database.md, after:

---
layout: foyer-grouped
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Operational Database

# How-to publications related to
# * HBase

publications:
- column:
  - title: Getting Started with Apache HBase
    url: hbase-getting-started/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about the operational database cluster shape,
      and instructions to create an operational database. Provides
      instructions to start, stop your HBase cluster.

  - title: Configuring Apache HBase
    url: configuring-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information to configure HBase to use it as your
      operational data store.

  - title: Using Amazon S3 with Apache HBase
    url: hbase-s3/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about how to use use Amazon S3 as a storage
      layer for HBase.

  - title: Managing Apache HBase Security
    url: hbase-security/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about HBase security, authentication,
      authorization, and configuring TLS/SSL for HBase.

- column:

  - title: Accessing Apache HBase
    url: accessing-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about different ways to access HBase.

  - title: Managing Apache HBase
    url: managing-hbase/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about how to import data into,
      write data to, and read data from HBase.

  - title: Configuring Apache HBase High Availability
    url: hbase-high-availability/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about configuring HBase high availability for
      applications require low-latency queries.

  - title: Using Apache HBase Backup and Disaster Recovery
    url: hbase-backup-dr/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about configuring HBase snapshots, and using
      HBase replication.

  - title: Connecting to Apache Phoenix Query Server
    url: phoenix-access-data/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about connecting to Apache Phoenix query
      Server using the JDBC client

---
Apache HBase is a NoSQL database that provides real-time read/write
access to large datasets. Apache Phoenix provides a SQL interface
for managing data in Apache HBase.
