cfm/1.1.0/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Flow Management
version: 1.1.0
base-path: /cfm/1.1.0/

sections:
  - title: Release Notes
    # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
    name: releasenotes
    books:
      - title: Release Notes
        url: release-notes/index.html

---

Cloudera Flow Management (CFM) is a no-code data ingestion and management solution powered by Apache NiFi. With NiFi’s intuitive graphical interface and processors, CFM delivers highly scalable data movement, transformation, and management capabilities to the enterprise.

CFM includes two primary components:

- Apache NiFi – the core data ingestion engine that has a no-code graphical user interface and supports processors for connectivity, transformation, and content routing.

- Apache NiFi Registry – The companion to NiFi that enables DevOps style development and deployment of flow files. It also supports flow versioning, promoting flows from one environment into another, and flow deployment.

Commit message:

DOCS-5926: Add CFM 1.1.0 Support Matrix

cfm/1.1.0/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Flow Management
version: 1.1.0
base-path: /cfm/1.1.0/

sections:
  - title: Release Notes
    # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
    name: releasenotes
    books:
      - title: Release Notes
        url: release-notes/index.html
      - title: Support Matrix
        url: support-matrix/index.html

---

Cloudera Flow Management (CFM) is a no-code data ingestion and
management solution powered by Apache NiFi. With NiFi’s intuitive
graphical interface and processors, CFM delivers highly scalable data
movement, transformation, and management capabilities to the enterprise.

CFM includes two primary components:

- *Apache NiFi* – the core data ingestion engine that has a no-code
  graphical user interface and supports processors for connectivity,
  transformation, and content routing.

- *Apache NiFi Registry* – The companion to NiFi that enables DevOps
  style development and deployment of flow files. It also supports flow
  versioning, promoting flows from one environment into another, and
  flow deployment.
