runtime/7.0.2/howto-data-access.md, before:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Access

# How-to publications related to
# * DAS
# * Hive
# * Impala
# * Hue
# * Sqoop
# * Search

publications:
  - title: Using Data Analytics Studio
    url: using-das/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to work with queries, manage databases and tables,
      and generate reports.

  - title: Starting Apache Hive
    url: starting-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to launch Hive, execute Hive commands, and issue
      Hive queries from Beeline.

  - title: Using Hive
    url: using-hiveql/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers how to use Hive 3 to query flat and
      transactional data using SQL statements.

  - title: Managing Apache Hive
    url: managing-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Includes information about mature ACID v2 operations on
      transactions.

  - title: Managing Apache Hive Workloads
    url: managing-a-hive-workload/index.html
    description: >-
      Summarizes and describes how to improve parallel query execution
      and share queries in a cluster that supports low-latency
      analytical processing (LLAP).

  - title: Configuring Apache Hive
    url: configuring-apache-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to set up Hive to generate statistics and control the number of
      concurrent connections to Hive.

  - title: Configuring Apache Hive Metastore
    url: hive-metastore/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers how to configure Hive metastore (HMS) to access metadata of
      multiple services, such as Hive, Impala, and Spark.

  - title: Securing Apache Hive
    url: securing-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Discusses how to choose an authorization model based on how your
      organization uses Hive.

  - title: Integrating Apache Hive with Apache Spark and BI
    url: integrating-hive-and-bi/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers accessing Spark data to and from Hive and using the
      JdbcStorageHandler to access an external data source, such as
      Business Intelligence (BI) tools.

  - title: Migrating Data to Apache Hive
    url: migrating-data-into-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains how to move data from relational databases directly to
      Hive or to the file system or object store and how to move data
      back to Hive.

  - title: Integrating with Apache Impala
    url: kudu-integration/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides examples on how to use Impala to insert, query, update,
      and delete data from Kudu tablets using Impala's SQL syntax.

  - title: Managing Apache Impala
    url: impala-manage/index.html
    description: >-
      Presents the task topics for configuring and managing Impala.

  - title: Using Hue
    url: using-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to use Hue to query Apache Impala data sets and how
      to use it to browse metadata in Apache Atlas.

  - title: Administering Hue
    url: administering-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to configure Hue, customize its web UI, and to
      enable integration with Apache Atlas.

---

Cloudera Data Platform Runtime includes Apache Hive 3 and Apache Impala
for storing and accessing data in the Hive metastore database. Hive 3
addresses enterprise data warehouse demands for transactional data in
the ORC file format. Impala performs high-performance, low-latency SQL
queries on data in Parquet and other formats. Hue is a web-based interactive
editor for querying the Hive metastore that also creates Oozie workflows.

Commit message:

added the Security and the Tuning publications for Hue

runtime/7.0.2/howto-data-access.md, after:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Access

# How-to publications related to
# * DAS
# * Hive
# * Impala
# * Hue
# * Sqoop
# * Search

publications:
  - title: Using Data Analytics Studio
    url: using-das/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to work with queries, manage databases and tables,
      and generate reports.

  - title: Starting Apache Hive
    url: starting-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to launch Hive, execute Hive commands, and issue
      Hive queries from Beeline.

  - title: Using Hive
    url: using-hiveql/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers how to use Hive 3 to query flat and
      transactional data using SQL statements.

  - title: Managing Apache Hive
    url: managing-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Includes information about mature ACID v2 operations on
      transactions.

  - title: Managing Apache Hive Workloads
    url: managing-a-hive-workload/index.html
    description: >-
      Summarizes and describes how to improve parallel query execution
      and share queries in a cluster that supports low-latency
      analytical processing (LLAP).

  - title: Configuring Apache Hive
    url: configuring-apache-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to set up Hive to generate statistics and control the number of
      concurrent connections to Hive.

  - title: Configuring Apache Hive Metastore
    url: hive-metastore/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers how to configure Hive metastore (HMS) to access metadata of
      multiple services, such as Hive, Impala, and Spark.

  - title: Securing Apache Hive
    url: securing-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Discusses how to choose an authorization model based on how your
      organization uses Hive.

  - title: Integrating Apache Hive with Apache Spark and BI
    url: integrating-hive-and-bi/index.html
    description: >-
      Covers accessing Spark data to and from Hive and using the
      JdbcStorageHandler to access an external data source, such as
      Business Intelligence (BI) tools.

  - title: Migrating Data to Apache Hive
    url: migrating-data-into-hive/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains how to move data from relational databases directly to
      Hive or to the file system or object store and how to move data
      back to Hive.

  - title: Integrating with Apache Impala
    url: kudu-integration/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides examples on how to use Impala to insert, query, update,
      and delete data from Kudu tablets using Impala's SQL syntax.

  - title: Managing Apache Impala
    url: impala-manage/index.html
    description: >-
      Presents the task topics for configuring and managing Impala.

  - title: Using Hue
    url: using-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to use Hue to query Apache Impala data sets and how
      to use it to browse metadata in Apache Atlas.

  - title: Administering Hue
    url: administering-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to configure Hue, customize its web UI, and to
      enable integration with Apache Atlas.

  - title: Securing Hue
    url: securing-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to set Hue user and application permissions, configure
      SSL connections, LDAP authentication, and integration with Apache
      Ranger and Knox.

  - title: Tuning Hue
    url: tuning-hue/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to add a load balancer and configure high availability
      for Hue and between Hue and other components, such as Hive, Impala,
      and HDFS.

---

Cloudera Data Platform Runtime includes Apache Hive 3 and Apache Impala
for storing and accessing data in the Hive metastore database. Hive 3
addresses enterprise data warehouse demands for transactional data in
the ORC file format. Impala performs high-performance, low-latency SQL
queries on data in Parquet and other formats. Hue is a web-based interactive
editor for querying the Hive metastore that also creates Oozie workflows.
