cdf-datahub/master/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Flow for Data Hub
version: master
base-path: /cdf-datahub/master/

sections:
  - title: Release Notes
    # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
    name: releasenotes
    books:
      - title: Release Notes
        url: release-notes/index.html

---

Cloudera Data Flow delivers Streams Messaging cluster definitions for
installation using Data Hub.

The Streams Messaging Heavy Duty and Streams Messaging Light Duty
cluster templates and definitions are now available in Data Hub with
advanced messaging and real-time processing on streaming data using
Apache Kafka, centralized schema management using Schema Registry, and
management and monitoring capabilities powered by Streams Messaging
Manager.

<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc;border-radius: 2px;background: #fed;padding: 1ex 1em;">
<b>Note</b><br>
Cloudera Data Flow for Data Hub is available for Technical Preview.
Cloudera encourages you to explore these technical preview features in
non-production environments and provide feedback on your experiences
through the Cloudera Support Portal.
</div>

Commit message:

Updated for Flow Management release

cdf-datahub/master/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Flow for Data Hub
version: master
base-path: /cdf-datahub/master/

sections:
  - title: Release Notes
    # "name" here below must be "releasenotes" to get the black background
    name: releasenotes
    books:
      - title: Release Notes
        url: release-notes/index.html

---

Cloudera Data Flow delivers Streams Messaging and FLow Management cluster definitions for
installation on CDP Public Cloud using Data Hub.

The Streams Messaging Light and Heavy Duty clusters provide
advanced messaging and real-time processing on streaming data using
Apache Kafka, centralized schema management using Schema Registry, and
management and monitoring capabilities powered by Streams Messaging
Manager.

Flow Management Light and Heavy Duty clusters deliver high-scale data ingestion, transformation, and management to enterprises from any-to-any environment. It addresses key enterprise use cases such as data movement, continuous data ingestion, log data ingestion, and acquisition of all types of streaming data including social, mobile, clickstream, and IoT data. 


<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc;border-radius: 2px;background: #fed;padding: 1ex 1em;">
<b>Note</b><br>
Streams Messaging cluster definitions in Cloudera Data Flow for Data Hub are available for Technical Preview.
Cloudera encourages you to explore these technical preview features in
non-production environments and provide feedback on your experiences
through the Cloudera Support Portal.
</div>
