data-hub/cloud/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Hub
version: cloud
base-path: /data-hub/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Data Hub Overview
        url: overview/index.html

  - title: Planning
    name: planning
    books:
      - title: Cluster Planning
        url: cluster-planning/index.html

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Creating a Cluster on AWS
        url: create-cluster-aws/index.html

      - title: Creating a Cluster on Azure
        url: create-cluster-azure/index.html

      - title: Accessing Clusters
        url: access-clusters/index.html

      - title: Managing clusters
        url: manage-clusters/index.html

      - title: Image Catalogs
        url: image-catalogs/index.html

      - title: Cluster Definitions
        url: cluster-definitions/index.html

      - title: Blueprints
        url: blueprints/index.html

      - title: Recipes
        url: recipes/index.html

      - title: Custom Properties
        url: custom-properties/index.html

      - title: EBS Encryption on AWS
        url: ebs-encryption-aws/index.html

  - title: Troubleshooting
    name: troubleshooting
    books:
      - title: Troubleshooting Clusters
        url: troubleshooting-clusters/index.html

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---

Cursus dignissim id aliquam platea etiam ornare maecenas enim, fringilla
hendrerit aliquet tellus mattis sed suscipit vulputate vel, eros odio
hac magnis ipsum lobortis pulvinar libero imperdiet, leo habitant
parturient sagittis sociosqu fames faucibus. Laoreet lacinia faucibus
magna morbi accumsan pulvinar pharetra auctor, volutpat lectus risus
nunc tempus maecenas placerat egestas, in erat per molestie arcu litora
semper eros, sem euismod eget metus donec quis enim. Purus bibendum
congue enim rhoncus massa lacus maecenas sem, vitae ex eget luctus
torquent donec accumsan diam posuere, sed a justo condimentum dictumst
egestas per ultrices mollis, augue lectus magnis euismod ut ante risus.

Commit message:

Add descriptions for Management Console and Data Hub

data-hub/cloud/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Hub
version: cloud
base-path: /data-hub/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Data Hub Overview
        url: overview/index.html

  - title: Planning
    name: planning
    books:
      - title: Cluster Planning
        url: cluster-planning/index.html

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Creating a Cluster on AWS
        url: create-cluster-aws/index.html

      - title: Creating a Cluster on Azure
        url: create-cluster-azure/index.html

      - title: Accessing Clusters
        url: access-clusters/index.html

      - title: Managing clusters
        url: manage-clusters/index.html

      - title: Image Catalogs
        url: image-catalogs/index.html

      - title: Cluster Definitions
        url: cluster-definitions/index.html

      - title: Blueprints
        url: blueprints/index.html

      - title: Recipes
        url: recipes/index.html

      - title: Custom Properties
        url: custom-properties/index.html

      - title: EBS Encryption on AWS
        url: ebs-encryption-aws/index.html

  - title: Troubleshooting
    name: troubleshooting
    books:
      - title: Troubleshooting Clusters
        url: troubleshooting-clusters/index.html

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Data Hub is a CDP service for launching and managing workload clusters powered by Cloudera Runtime. Data Hub provides a set of cluster definitions that allow you to quickly provision and access workload clusters for prescriptive use cases, and allows you to define custom cluster configurations.
