runtime/7.0.0/howto-compute.md, before:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Compute

# How-to publications related to
# * YARN
# * ZooKeeper

publications:
  - title: Managing Applications on Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-application-management/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about managing applications by using the YARN
      REST APIs and YARN Services API.

  - title: Managing and Allocating Cluster Resources using Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-allocate-resources/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains how to allocate cluster resources for the applications.
      In addition, describes the procedures for using Fair Scheduler and
      Capacity Scheduler.

  - title: Configuring Apache Hadoop YARN Security
    url: yarn-security/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about Access Control List and how to use YARN
      with a secure cluster.

  - title: Apache Hadoop YARN High Availability
    url: yarn-high-availability/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about ResourceManager High Availability. It
      also describes the work preserving recovery process.

  - title: Monitoring Clusters and Apache Hadoop YARN Applications
    url: yarn-monitoring-clusters-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to monitor clusters, queues, applications, services,
      flow activities, and nodes using YARN web user interface and
      Cloudera Manager.

  - title: Using Cloud Credentials with Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-using-cloud-credentials/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to access data stored in a cloud service for
      applications that use YARN.

  - title: Managing Apache ZooKeeper
    url: managing-zookeeper/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about adding and managing the Apache
      ZooKeeper service and replacing an Apache ZooKeeper role.

  - title: Authenticating Apache ZooKeeper
    url: zookeeper-authentication/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes the configuration of the ZooKeeper server and the
      ZooKeeper client shell for Kerberos authentication. It also
      describes the verification of the ZooKeeper authentication.
---
Apache YARN manages resources for the applications running on your
cluster by allocating resources through scheduling,  limiting CPU usage,
and partitioning clusters. You can use Access Control Lists to use YARN
with a secure cluster. By using Apache YARN, you can optimize the use of
vcores and memory.

Commit message:

Rename the Authenticating ZooKeeper publication

runtime/7.0.0/howto-compute.md, after:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Compute

# How-to publications related to
# * YARN
# * ZooKeeper

publications:
  - title: Managing Applications on Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-application-management/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about managing applications by using the YARN
      REST APIs and YARN Services API.

  - title: Managing and Allocating Cluster Resources using Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-allocate-resources/index.html
    description: >-
      Explains how to allocate cluster resources for the applications.
      In addition, describes the procedures for using Fair Scheduler and
      Capacity Scheduler.

  - title: Configuring Apache Hadoop YARN Security
    url: yarn-security/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about Access Control List and how to use YARN
      with a secure cluster.

  - title: Apache Hadoop YARN High Availability
    url: yarn-high-availability/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about ResourceManager High Availability. It
      also describes the work preserving recovery process.

  - title: Monitoring Clusters and Apache Hadoop YARN Applications
    url: yarn-monitoring-clusters-applications/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to monitor clusters, queues, applications, services,
      flow activities, and nodes using YARN web user interface and
      Cloudera Manager.

  - title: Using Cloud Credentials with Apache Hadoop YARN
    url: yarn-using-cloud-credentials/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes how to access data stored in a cloud service for
      applications that use YARN.

  - title: Managing Apache ZooKeeper
    url: managing-zookeeper/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides information about adding and managing the Apache
      ZooKeeper service and replacing an Apache ZooKeeper role.

  - title: Managing Apache ZooKeeper Security
    url: zookeeper-security/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes the configuration of the ZooKeeper server and the
      ZooKeeper client shell for Kerberos authentication. It also
      describes the verification of the ZooKeeper authentication and ACLs best practices.
---
Apache YARN manages resources for the applications running on your
cluster by allocating resources through scheduling,  limiting CPU usage,
and partitioning clusters. You can use Access Control Lists to use YARN
with a secure cluster. By using Apache YARN, you can optimize the use of
vcores and memory.
