runtime/7.0.0/storage-howto.md, before:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Storage
publications:
  - title: Administering Apache Kudu
    url: administering-kudu/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Apache Kudu Development
    url: kudu-development/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Apache Kudu Integration
    url: kudu-integration/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Scaling Namespaces and Optimizing Data Storage
    url: scaling-namespaces/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring Fault Tolerance
    url: configuring-fault-tolerance/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring Data Protection
    url: data-protection/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring HDFS ACLs
    url: hdfs-acls/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit
  
  - title: Configuring HDFS Encryption
    url: hdfs-encryption/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

---
Overview of Cloudera Runtime data storage how-tos goes here.... Auctor
et elementum risus congue etiam dictumst est curae tellus, habitasse
senectus vitae phasellus habitant ullamcorper ridiculus vestibulum
rutrum, augue nam lacus vel at suspendisse varius nulla, mi natoque
aenean libero sollicitudin sit potenti molestie.

Commit message:

Kudu: Added publication description + changed the order of the Kudu titles

runtime/7.0.0/storage-howto.md, after:

---
layout: foyer
breadcrumb-title: Cloudera Runtime How To
title: Data Storage
publications:

  - title: Scaling Namespaces and Optimizing Data Storage
    url: scaling-namespaces/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring Fault Tolerance
    url: configuring-fault-tolerance/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring Data Protection
    url: data-protection/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit

  - title: Configuring HDFS ACLs
    url: hdfs-acls/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit
  
  - title: Configuring HDFS Encryption
    url: hdfs-encryption/index.html
    description: >-
      publication description ante nec fusce varius mattis facilisis
      consectetur sit
      
  - title: Administering Apache Kudu
    url: administering-kudu/index.html
    description: >-
      Describes common administrative tasks and Apache Kudu workflows

  - title: Developing Applications with Apache Kudu
    url: kudu-development/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides reference examples to use C++ and Java client APIs to develop apps using Apache Kudu

  - title: Integrating with Apache Impala
    url: kudu-integration/index.html
    description: >-
      Provides examples on how to use Impala to insert, query, update, and delete data from Kudu tablets using Impala's SQL syntax

---
Overview of Cloudera Runtime data storage how-tos goes here.... Auctor
et elementum risus congue etiam dictumst est curae tellus, habitasse
senectus vitae phasellus habitant ullamcorper ridiculus vestibulum
rutrum, augue nam lacus vel at suspendisse varius nulla, mi natoque
aenean libero sollicitudin sit potenti molestie.
