data-catalog/cloud/index.md, before:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Catalog
version: cloud
base-path: /data-catalog/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Core Concepts
        url: core-concepts/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Managing
        url: managing/index.html

  # - title: Troubleshooting
  #   name: troubleshooting
  #   books:

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---

ad tempor ornare feugiat luctus ipsum nascetur mauris molestie consequat
a nulla erat mattis lacinia neque ligula massa dignissim eleifend dis
enim ac pellentesque elit suscipit nec leo torquent non purus aliquam
quam litora venenatis nam diam posuere cursus aptent habitasse nunc
fusce quis eros ex interdum rutrum integer congue penatibus rhoncus
imperdiet sociosqu conubia dui auctor morbi dolor platea tristique donec
senectus mus fringilla potenti pretium magna hac nisl libero duis
porttitor hendrerit metus suspendisse felis class facilisi ante cubilia
maecenas nullam tempus malesuada facilisis cras dictumst

Commit message:

Moved ZooKeeper pubs. Added Data Catalog overview text

data-catalog/cloud/index.md, after:

---
layout: product
title: Cloudera Data Catalog
version: cloud
base-path: /data-catalog/cloud/

sections:
  # - title: Release Notes
  #   name: releasenotes
  #   books:

  - title: Concepts & Use Cases
    name: concepts
    books:
      - title: Core Concepts
        url: core-concepts/index.html

  # - title: Planning
  #   name: planning
  #   books:

  # - title: Installation & Upgrade
  #   name: installation
  #   books:

  - title: How To
    name: howto
    books:
      - title: Managing
        url: managing/index.html

  # - title: Troubleshooting
  #   name: troubleshooting
  #   books:

  # - title: Reference
  #   name: reference
  #   books:

  # - title: Learning & Training
  #   name: learning
  #   books:
---
Data Catalog is a service within Cloudera Data Platform that enables you
to understand, manage, secure, and govern data assets across the
enterprise. Data Catalog helps you understand data across multiple
clusters and across multiple CDP environments. You can search to locate
relevant data of interest based on various parameters. Using Data
Catalog, you can understand how data is interpreted for use, how it is
created and modified, and how data access is secured and protected.
